okay three things before we start this
number one no petal during this section
number two I'm gonna act like your
fingers are little mini fists that are
punching the keys number three start
extremely slow and work your way up
precision always over speed doesn't you
try and go too fast you lose technique
okay we're going to do split this up
into both hands I'm going to each hand
separately this will help you learn it
quicker all right so start here this is
the middle C and a below middle C use
your thumb first finger and then your
fourth finger on the F right here
like that slower you switch to here for
the next phrase so one and three right
here now so you don't use your second
finger at all it's all your middle right
here it goes this part you gotta make
sure you punch this one hard since
you're kind of far up on the key you
don't get as much leverage to get a
punch it a little harder to make it
sound even okay so now we're do the left
hand part again this is all with the no
pedal so it's all played staccato I
wanted to be short and brisk like you're
punching the keys okay here we go
so you start at octave is right here
we repeat that
okay now both hands together like a real
slow at first
okay here's the second phrase right hand
I'm gonna have the left hand plain as
well not just to help with timing it's
pretty hard rhythm
okay here we go left hand of phrase -
again I'm gonna have the right hand
plane just to help with timing
okay so this is phrase two the second
half of it the right hand stays the same
with the left hand changes slightly
here's the rhythm by itself
okay here it is with the melody